README.md, before:

# Braintree

### Your notes, your way

---

Braintree is a new type of note taking app which takes all your notes, and aligns them in a graph as if it were your second brain.
Braintree is cross-platform, and can run on both MacOS and Windows.

You can use BrainTree to organise your to-do lists, or even as your personal knowledge graphs.
The only limits are your imagination.

Braintree uses react, d3, mobx and electron under the hood.

---

### Why BrainTree?

- Fully offline
- Cross Platform
- Uses open formats such as `JSON` and `markdown`
- You own your data

---

### Features

- A beautiful, smooth UI
- Unique graph like structure to organise your notes
- Support for markdown and LaTeX like math formulas
- Syntax highlighting on code blocks
- Open source and extensible. Feel free to use fork and make your own versions of BrainTree
- Export as HTML

---

### Screenshots

<img src="./screenshots/app.png" width="540" />
<img src="./screenshots/connections.png" width="540" />
<img src="./screenshots/math.png" width="540" />
<img src="./screenshots/tables.png" width="540" />
<img src="./screenshots/rich_text.png" width="540" />
<img src="./screenshots/code_blocks.png" width="540" />

---

### Current Status and future plans

The project is fully functional, but is in beta.
We will continue to maintain this project after the hackathon ends.

---

### Building

See [BUILDING.md](./BUILDING.md)

---

### Contributors

See [CONTRIBUTORS.md](./CONTRIBUTORS.md)

---

### How to contribute?

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

Commit message:

[Documentation] Add video link
Fast and furious :D

README.md, after:

# Braintree

### Your notes, your way

---

Braintree is a new type of note taking app which takes all your notes, and aligns them in a graph as if it were your second brain.
Braintree is cross-platform, and can run on both MacOS and Windows.

You can use BrainTree to organise your to-do lists, or even as your personal knowledge graphs.
The only limits are your imagination.

Braintree uses react, d3, mobx and electron under the hood.

---

### Why BrainTree?

- Fully offline
- Cross Platform
- Uses open formats such as `JSON` and `markdown`
- You own your data

---

### Features

- A beautiful, smooth UI
- Unique graph like structure to organise your notes
- Support for markdown and LaTeX like math formulas
- Syntax highlighting on code blocks
- Open source and extensible. Feel free to use fork and make your own versions of BrainTree
- Export as HTML

---

### Screenshots

<img src="./screenshots/app.png" width="540" />
<img src="./screenshots/connections.png" width="540" />
<img src="./screenshots/math.png" width="540" />
<img src="./screenshots/tables.png" width="540" />
<img src="./screenshots/rich_text.png" width="540" />
<img src="./screenshots/code_blocks.png" width="540" />

---

### Demo Video

Please click [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7eG8c2Pe9M) for the demo video

---

### Current Status and future plans

The project is fully functional, but is in beta.
We will continue to maintain this project after the hackathon ends.

---

### Building

See [BUILDING.md](./BUILDING.md)

---

### Contributors

See [CONTRIBUTORS.md](./CONTRIBUTORS.md)

---

### How to contribute?

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md)
